Evidence A – A disk image of a desktop computer found in Student's dorm room. 
Tools Used: 
Sleuth Kit: A collection of command-line tools for forensic analysis.
Autopsy: A graphical interface (window). I used it to find out what programs have been installed and recover any content files in recycle bin.  The usage will be in appendix.
rip.pl: tool for forensic investigations, aiding in data recovery and analysis from disk images.

First, I combined all the disk images to one as evidencea.dd using “cat EvidenceA.001 to .011”. and then check the md5sum.

Then check the image stat and identify partitions

Calculate the offset 005.
Mount the partition, use “ro” mode to maintain the disk integrity and to prevent accidental changes make to the original disk.

Who is the owner of the computer? 
I used rip.pl tool to grep “Username”, “Login Count” and “Last Login” to identify the owner of the computer. The screenshot illustrates in detail.

Alex Marshall is the owner of the computer.
What programs have been installed on the computer? What recent programs have been run?
The following screenshots demonstrate how I get the result using autopsy and rip.pl.
Installed Programs on the Computer:

Recent Programs:

Recover the content of any files in the recycle bin
I use autopsy (GUI) on window to check the content of any files in the recycle bin. 
$RAUO6YK.txt (notes.jpg (Iextracted the file to my computer and open with Microsoft word to see the content) and $RLY0J7N.zip (rubbish.zip) (its password protected pdf file and the password is football). I used fccrack and rockyou to crack the zip file.





Is there evidence that gives an indication of the state of mind of the owner of the computer?
The computer owner's troubled mental state is evident from his email exchanges with his parents. His father puts pressure on him, while his mother is supportive. He is facing financial problems and has started selling exam answers to make money, which has increased his anxiety. He deleted a warning letter from the university about his poor grades and unauthorised access, as well as private notes that include his last will and testament, showing how distressed he is.
His journal entries show:
February 28, 2024: He is struggling with money, trying to pay for rent and utilities while selling exam answers. He feels guilty and worries about getting caught.
April 5, 2024: He feels overwhelmed by debt and pressure from his father to improve his life. He can’t talk to anyone about his financial issues. He thinks about dropping 
